Dance your cares away
Worry's for another day
Let the music play
Down at Fraggle Rock
Work your cares away
Dancing's for another day
Let the Fraggles play
-We're Gobo.
-Mokey.
-Wembley.
-Boober.
Red.
Junior!
Hello!
My radish.
Dance your cares away
Worry's for another day
Let the music play
Down at Fraggle Rock
Down at Fraggle Rock.
Ready? One…
-Two, three.
-…two, three.
Lunch break.
What a waste of time.
We could be building.
I'm secretly hammering with my other hand.
This is so exciting, Architect.
More water means more power,
which means bigger buildings.
What a time to be a Doozer!
Cotterpin.
Your latest Doozer tower creation must be,
well, a thousand Doozers tall.
More like a hundred, sir.
I know.
I'm just proud of you.
Let me be proud of you.
I just hope the Fraggles enjoy eating it
as much as we enjoyed building it.
Yes.
These are so good!
If only I had two mouths
so I could eat two at once.
Wait. Nobody eat that Doozer tower.
-We won't.
-Hey, Red. What's going on?
You're vibrating with energy.
Let it out, sister Fraggle!
I know Doozer structures are delicious.
We eat them. The Doozers rebuild them.
-The perfect cycle.
-Yeah, yeah, totally.
But that tower would be perfect
for an awesome diving game!
Yeah, right.
If you wanna break your baloobius.
Come on, Boober.
All this new water.
All these new buildings.
What a time to be a Fraggle!
Yes!
Hip, hip, hip, hip, hip…
Hooray!
We're gonna dance and sing all day
We're number one
And we've just begun
And now it's time to play
Hip, hip, hooray
Let's shout for you and me
We do our best to meet the test
And now it's time for tea
Hip, hip, hooray!
Hip, hip, hooray
We're gonna dance and sing all day
We're number one
We've just begun
And now it's time to play
Hip, hip, hip, hip, hooray
Red, so, what's this amazing
new diving game?
It's called…
Wait, where's Gobo?
"Wait, where's Gobo?" Great name.
No, really. Where is Gobo?
I forgot.
He went up to the hole to Outer Space
to get the first artifact
from his Uncle Travelling Matt.
How brave, how meaningful, how courageous.
How long is he gonna be?
What? I'm excited to play.
Okay, Gobo. You got this.
You're brave.
You're quick. You look cute in a hat.
All you gotta do is run in there
and grab the package from Uncle Matt
and head back home.
Nothing to be afraid of.
Sprocket!
Yeah, yeah. Laugh on, my friend,
but my flippers look good.
And fish have a very strict dress code
when you go to their house.
It may just look like water, but
you never know what you're gonna find.
Speaking of… He must have snuck in.
Poor little guy.
Sprocket. You gotta respect his space.
Hello, friend.
Welcome. You're a cute little guy.
We're gonna take you
back to the beach soon.
But in the meantime,
make yourself at home.
One house rule.
You pinch me, and I'll pinch you back.
I hope it's my new
Ocean Sciences textbook.
Wait. Who's "Gobo Fraggle"?
I guess that's who lived here before me.
I'll put this with my other returns.
That's my cue.
Got it.
Fraggle feet, don't fail me now.
Sprocket, what are you barking at?
Sprocket! Sprocket, what happened?
What's wrong? Sprocket.
I can't wait for Gobo anymore.
Too excited!
-Let's just play the game, okay?
-Sure.
So, we're gonna use that awesome
new Doozer structure to play--
-Hey, guys. I got the first artifact.
-You're amazing.
-Look, there's a note from Uncle Matt.
-Yeah.
-Beautiful penmanship.
-Come on!
Sorry, Red.
Well, I'll just read it real quick.
There's nothing quick
about your Uncle Matt.
"Dear Nephew Gobo…"
My exciting journey
back into Outer Space has begun,
and I have never felt more welcome.
No!
It seems the Silly Creature
welcoming committee
has been leaving me gifts.
Thank you, Silly Creatures.
You really shouldn't have.
With so many wonderful gifts
to choose from,
I wanted to ensure that
the first artifact I sent back
was truly valuable and uplifting.
I-- What?
What is this?
"…a squishy crystal cloak.
It's one of the Silly Creatures'
most prized artifacts of all.
Love, your Uncle Travelling Matt."
What is this?
Now we have a prize for the game.
The winner gets the cloak.
-Yeah.
-For what game? Thanks for asking.
We are going to play
Floop! Bloop! And Whoop!
Sounds fun, Red.
Tell us how to play
Floop! Bloop! And Whoop!
-Yeah.
-I can't tell you, Wembley.
But I can show you!
Hit it!
-First you floop.
-And then you bloop.
-And then you bloop!
And last but not least…
-You whoop!
I said, you whoop!
Floop, bloop and whoop!
Floop, bloop, whoop!
Okay. Gobo and me are team captains.
Let's hit it!
You're on, Red Fraggle.
Can someone explain what we're doing?
Preferably in song?
I'm a musical learner.
I'm ready. For sure.
-Yeah. I'm really excited.
-I can't believe I'm on your team, Red.
I'm gonna bloop bigger than
any Fraggle's ever blooped before!
All right, you ready team? Here we go!
-Let the games begi--
-Excuse me, Red.
Sorry to interrupt,
but as the referee/medic/lifeguard,
we have to go over
the rules and safety regulations.
This won't take but a moment.
Okay. There are 800 rules.
Rule number one:
All the rules must be read twice.
Rule number 800, part D:
If there are no seashells available,
acorns will do.
Thank you. That concludes the rules.
I told you it'd be quick.
Now, let's begin the Q and A.
-No! Game time! Now.
-What?
Oh, boy.
First you floop!
Yeah!
Then you bloop!
Be the bloop.
And last but not least, you whoop
Here goes nothin'.
It'll do.
Okay.
-I did good.
-Red's team's turn.
Come on, Wembley. You too, Pogey.
Wow, Mokey!
That was a great bloop! Was it fun?
That tower is so much higher
than it looks, Wembley.
-I looked off that cliff…
-Yeah?
…and the wind howled,
and I dove straight into the abyss.
And it was awesome!
Mokey, I-- What?
Did she say it's higher than it looks?
Come on, Wembley. It's our turn.
We are gonna win this!
-Come on. Here we go.
-Red, wait. Hold on.
Wait.
I love jumping in
from the side of the pond, but…
this is a lot higher
than I thought it was gonna be.
I know. It's awesome, right?
Okay. You can do this, Wembley.
It's just incredibly high.
And scary.
And then you bloop!
Well, this is not covered by the rules.
Come on, Wembley. It's your turn to bloop.
I-- Okay. Okay, I'm gonna do it.
-Good, then--
-Yeah, I'm gonna do it.
Then you bloop.
-No, you're not. No, you're not.
-What?
Come on, Wembley. You can do it.
Go, Wembley!
You're so high up!
Red, I really don't wanna do this.
Come on. Everyone else did.
-It's just floop, bloop and whoop.
-I don't care what it's called--
-Wembley, we have to win.
-Bloop, bloop, bloop!
Come on. It's fine.
-No, what are you doing?
No. Is he okay?
Wembley? Wembley? No.
He's frozen.
Rule number 247,
all frozen players must preregister.
You see, this is why
we needed the Q and A.
There, you feel better?
And for the record, you're not injured.
But I know you love Band-Aids.
Hey, don't blame the crab.
The crab's crabulous.
And besides, I told you,
he needs his space,
and you need to respect that.
All right. Now I gotta return
the Gobo Fraggle package.
Wait, where's the Gobo Fraggle package?
Sprocket,
did you move the Gobo Fraggle package?
Why do I keep saying Gobo Fraggle package?
Cause it's fun.
Maybe I left it outside?
Gobo Fraggle package
Gobo Fraggle, Gobo Fraggle
Gobo Fraggle
Why isn't he blooping?
-Come on.
-Is this part of the game? I dozed off.
He wanted to be on my team.
Wembley, just jump and we can win!
Can you hear me?
Stay completely still if you can.
Red, he's frozen with fear.
There's literally an icicle on his nose.
Time to whoop?
Not now, Pogey.
Okay.
As the official
medic/lifeguard/slash enthusiast,
I assure you there is no need
to worry/fear.
He's just frozen.
Stinkleberries will do the trick.
They grow by the Trash Heap and smell
so bad the stink will unfreeze him.
Perfect!
I'll get the stinkleberries,
unfreeze Wembley, and he'll jump.
You'll see.
I'm twirling, I'm stomping
Twirl, twirl, twirl
Stomp and twirl
Stomp and twirl all day
Yeah. Stomping and twirling...
I just have to get through the garden
to the stinkleberries
without getting thumped by a Gorg.
Sure, okay.
Junior!
Thump that Fraggle!
On it, Pa.
I'm dizzy. I'm stomping.
There it is, Junior.
-Right there by your foot.
-By my foot?
I'm pointing right at it, Junior.
-Sorry, Pa. I'm too dizzy!
-Son.
Here's a good one, boys.
-Okay.
-Goody, goody.
-"Roses are red, violets are blue.
-Yeah.
Yeah.
Nothing is worse than gum on your shoe."
-How profound.
-I love it.
High-class garbage that is, Marjory.
-It's so good.
-We got company.
You are in the presence of…
The all-knowing…
Trash Heap.
Hello, little Fraggle.
What sort of advice do you need?
Hello, Madame Heap.
I'm just here for the--
Stinkleberries.
What do you need with stinkleberries?
I'm trash and even I can tell they stink.
Hello.
Yeah, well...
we were playing Floop!
Bloop! And Whoop, and I--
I love that game!
You know, I was quite the blooper
in my time, boys.
-Well, I should say so.
-Indubitably.
Anyway, my friend froze!
So, I'm gonna use these stinkleberries
to unfreeze him
so we can win the game. Bye!
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Now, does your friend want to jump,
or is it just something
that you want him to do?
-Yeah.
-Great point.
Well, of course, he does. Why wouldn't he?
Well this reminds me of a poem
I was just reading to the boys.
Yeah.
"Yes means yes. No means no.
If it's not a big yes,
then that's a no-go."
Marjory, you weren't telling us that poem.
It's called improvisation, boys.
"Yes, and…"
Work with me, I'm doing something.
Listen. Thank you for the poem,
but I really gotta get back
to the game. Bye!
All right. Goodbye, little Fraggle.
-And you remember that poem!
-Yeah.
The Trash Heap has spoken.
She does poetry, she does improv.
Yes, and she also can bloop.
A triple threat.
-Stop it, boys. You're hilarious.
-Yeah.
-There's nothing you can't do, Marjory.
-You're making me blush!
Any update, Boober?
Yep.
Still frozen.
I'm a little concerned
that Wembley's aura's turned green.
-Mokey, he is green.
-Yeah.
Gosh, where is Red anyway?
-Not yet, Pogey.
-Ready when you are!
-Thanks.
I won't miss the Fraggle this time.
I won't miss-- A leaf-shaped leaf.
"Yes means yes, and no means no.
If it's not a big yes, then it's a no-go."
Why did she tell me that?
No! A Gorg!
I did it, Pa!
I caught a Fraggle!
Get rid of it, son!
Throw it down the well!
No, no, no.
No! No, no. No, no, no! I don't want to!
No, I don't want to.
Do it, Junior.
-No!
-Sorry, Fraggle.
No!
That's my boy.
Well, I'll be a Gobo's uncle.
That was awesome!
It wasn't awesome.
It was awful.
But, Red, you've jumped down that well
lots of times before.
Yeah, jumped.
But this time was different.
I didn't have a choice.
I didn't wanna do that.
And neither does Wembley.
-Red.
-Are you okay?
I got your stinkleberries.
Thanks, but…
I don't need them anymore.
That's good 'cause these things stink!
I'm gonna be washing my hands for weeks.
I'm gonna be washing my hands for weeks!
Yes!
Wembley, I should've listened
when you said you didn't wanna jump.
The Trash Heap told me
this great poem that I will never forget.
"Yes means yes. No means--"
I can't remember the rest right now.
But the point is,
you do what you want when you want.
I'm sorry
I didn't see
What it might feel like
To be scared inside
'Cause now I know the way it feels
When no one hears your voice
Like you didn't have a choice
The smallest to the biggest
The softest in the crowd
Each voice important
No matter how it sounds
It's better if we listen
Than try to drown them out
Listen here and now
Listen to the sound
Of every voice
Wembley! You're unfrozen!
Yep.
-Red?
-Yeah?
I really don't wanna jump from up here.
And I am more than okay with that.
Yeah?
Just know there's strength
In what you say
And when you have your doubts
-Just keep remembering
-Remembering
The smallest to the biggest
The softest in the crowd?
Yeah!
Each voice important
No matter how it sounds
It's better if we listen
Than try to drown them out
Listen here and now
Listen to the sound
Listen to the sound of every voice
-Wait!
-What?
I wanna jump
from the lowest part of the tower.
I think that would be perfect!
-Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
-Yes!
Then you bloop!
And last but not least...
You whoop!
-Where's Pogey?
-Pogey?
Pogey?
What? No! I'm coming!
Whoop!
And that's the game.
Who won?
There's no rule for this, I--
I'm stumped.
Hey, Gobo. Are you--
Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
That I don't wear enough hats? Totally.
I have a ton,
but I never really wear 'em--
What? No! No. Come here.
Give that prize cloak to Wembley.
I was not thinking that, but I love it!
Attention.
As Floop! Bloop! And Whoop team captains,
Gobo and I have unanimously
decided to forfeit the game
because the winner clearly is…
-Wembley!
What? Me?
-Yeah, buddy.
-Yeah.
You win the squishy crystal cloak!
-That's right. It's all yours.
-Yeah!
Can we hug you?
Yes, please!
-Yeah!
-All right.
We love you, Wembley.
-I love you too.
-Nice flooping, buddy.
I'm real proud of you.
Okay, Sprocket.
I've looked everywhere
for the Gobo Fraggle package,
and I must've dreamt it up
because it's nowhere to be--
Well, hey. Look at you.
See, you gave him the space he needed,
and now you two are friends.
Best friends?
Okay. So this is how I find out.
Time to take him back to the beach.
What, you're sad now?
You've liked him for, like, three minutes.
Hey. Don't ask questions.
I wear this when I go to the beach.
Come on, Sprocket.